good angle to punch this in and get
right up near the yellow
and seven
automatically come up to the green here
it's a tricky little pot along the
cushion
an angle here 9 could possibly develop
the brown if he catches this one
correctly he can go twice across the
table or directly into the black and if
he doesn't get the snooker then he could
if he doesn't get the split he could
then get the snooker 12 well not the
very best angle for that need to be to
the right of the black yeah it was a
bigger target how they've come off two
cushions just off that one cushion you
had to catch the black full on
I'm just wondering if he can send the
black on to the blue and bring the blue
into play and get a good cue ball I
could be quite a good result for him
very good shot
so that has created a situation whereby
whoever pops the brown should win the
frame
and this might go close to the pocket
here it's like a back double he's got
the snooker it was a sort of a shock to
nothing there we doubled the brown he
was on the blue always the chance of
getting a snooker and it doesn't matter
how many times you're faced with this
situation you've got to try and just get
out of the snooker and hope you can
knock the brown safe but he swerved it
but the hag you may have left it well
it's not bad it's it's not a gimme
they made it look easy though nine so no
pressure on this pink because can't
already need to sneak up to snuff out
any thoughts of the Carter revival
o'sullivan leads by 15 frames 27 and
Ronnie needs that three more frames to
clinch the title for the third time you
fellas have been in this situation
having reached this marker at what point
that you begin to smell the title coming
your way well I think you actually used
stop pushing the boat out as it's called
because you can actually let the other
guy do the damage himself if you if you
can get it that way so you don't have to
be always going for the the killer shot
all the time we talked earlier i think
it was in them the episodes of
mastermind when the question was asked
of Terry Griffiths when he was 8-1 in
front against Rex Williams and he lost
nine on the spit on the spin to lose and
I watched that met I was in the crowd
and Terry was 81 in front I only need
one more frame and he kept on going for
game shut all the time and eventually
Rex got back in the game so the similar
situation Riley doesn't have to go for
game ball all the time he can just play
a containing game but do you relax do
you feel that you are there do you do
you actually get a surge of energy at
this point John M I just just same ol
thing get to say it's just every family
we got two frames left in this session
at the moment Ronnie would be looking to
get both of these to come out tonight
himself the least amount to do so you
know big efforts of constant rates for
the next couple of frames and have you
know come to the last session on easy
street one thing you don't want to lose
you lose the last couple in and give
yourself a little bit of an inkling
you've still got things to do because I
think the one thing we haven't discussed